The website constantly scrolls through a list of prompts encouraging the user to wait for the flag, but those prompts themselves will never reveal the flag. The problem description hints at a possible morse code. It was intended that the cursor which followed the typewriter animation would blink according to the morse code of each character in the flag. (Also a potential hint is the flag format, as there are no morse interpretations for '{}'). 

But due to some reason the blinking worked fine initially but it completely broke once the site was up for a while. I left it as it was as I felt like it made the problem even better, see initially there were periodic requests with a request for each character in morse code, but the order in which it would be received was sometimes unpredictable. So I added an index with the responses and once the site broke, a request would only be done once the site loads or reloads. 

So the way to solve it is to load the site a bunch of times (preferably at least 50) and capture the request from each load. Then you'd get a bunch of characters after deciphering the morse and an index paired with them. Now what you can do is list out the characters with their index in order, leave blanks for the missing ones. The final step is to determine the flag from the data you've collected. You can know the length of the flag by calculating the distance between two 'sudo's as that will always be a multiple of the length. Then using some logical deduction the flag can be easily derived. If you feel like there isn't enough data you can simply capture more. 

PS: In the list of potential random prompts scrolling through the website, there was a hidden flag with a 1 in a millionprobability of appearing 🙃.
